New flow components: discovery.ec2 and discovery.lightsail (#3079)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/discovery.aws.lightsail.md

---
title: discovery.lightsail
---

# discovery.lightsail

> `discovery.lightsail` allows retrieving scrape targets from lightsail instances. The private IP address is used by default, but may be changed to the public IP address with relabeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`discovery.lightsail` allows retrieving scrape targets from Amazon Lightsail instances. The private IP address is used by default, but may be changed to the public IP address with relabeling.
```

## Usage

```river
discovery.lightsail "LABEL" {
}
```

## Arguments

The following arguments are supported:

Name | Type | Description | Default | Required
---- | ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`endpoint` | `string` | Custom endpoint to be used.| | no
`region` | `string` | The AWS region. If blank, the region from the instance metadata is used. | | no
`access_key` | `string` | The AWS API key ID. If blank, the environment variable `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` is used. | | no
`secret_key` | `string` | The AWS API key secret. If blank, the environment variable `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` is used. | | no
`profile` | `string` | Named AWS profile used to connect to the API. | | no
`role_arn` | `string` | AWS Role ARN, an alternative to using AWS API keys. | | no
`refresh_interval` | `string` | Refresh interval to re-read the instance list. | 60s | no
`port` | `int` | The port to scrape metrics from. If using the public IP address, this must instead be specified in the relabeling rule. | 80 | no

## Exported fields

The following fields are exported and can be referenced by other components:

Name | Type | Description
---- | ---- | -----------

> `targets` | `list(map(string))` | The set of targets discovered from the docker API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`targets` | `list(map(string))` | The set of discovered Lightsail targets.
```
